Brian Abernathy <cba@wscoe1.atl.hp.com>

check-categories -
	This script does several functions.  They are:
 	  - Pending check.  It will look in the 'pending' directory,
	    displaying a message if it finds any files.
	  - Category check.  Each PR in every active category is examined,
	    looking at the '>Category' line, verifying that the category
	    matches the actual directory name.  If there is a mismatch,
	    the script attempts to move the PR to the proper 
	    category (directory).  Note:  If the category does not exist,
	    the PR is moved to the GNATS_ROOT directory.
	  - Unresolved check.  The gnats-queue directory is examined, and
	    if files are found that have a prefix of a period, then a
	    message is displayed.


cross-check -
	This script performs cross-checks between the category, responsible
	and submitters files.  This is the sequence of events:
	  - First, it examines the categories file, and compares any 
	    uncommented lines against directories in GNATS_ROOT.  It is
	    considered an error if a live category appears in the file
	    with no corresponding directory in GNATS_ROOT.
	  - Next, it insures that any submitters appearing in the
	    categories file are also in the categories file.
	  - After that, it performs the same check against the responsible
	    file.
	  - Finally, it gathers a list of all responsible parties, and
	    insures that they are either a valid userid on the system, 
	    or they are a valid e-mail alias.  (This check might not be
	    possible on some systems.)

display-config -
	The display-config script decodes the config file into a more
	readable format.  Each line of the config file is displayed,
	followed by the decoded explaination.  Several lines may be
	grouped together if it makes sense.  For example, the following
	partial explaination is displayed for my configuration:
7:NOTIFY=1
Automatic reminders are enabled. (default)
This means that if a call is not changed out of the 'open' state
after a predefined period of time, a reminder is e-mailed to the
maintainer(s) of the PR.
11:BDAY_START=8
12:BDAY_END=17
13:BWEEK_START=1
14:BWEEK_END=5
Business hours are:
      Monday through Friday 8 am to 5 pm

	Since Automatic reminders are enabled, the start/stop of the
	business week is needed, so all those lines are displayed, and
	decoded.

reset-gnats -
	This script should be used with extreme caution!  In fact, I 
	put several queries into it, to make sure the user knew what
	they were asking for.  Basically, this is what it does:
	  - It asks twice if the user really wants to go through with it.
	  - Locks the database
	  - Write a zero into the $GNATS_ROOT/gnats-adm/current file.
	  - Cycles through all of the categories, erasing all files in 
	    each directory.
	  - Regenerates the index.
	  - Unlocks the database.

