FAQ
---

1) How do I get it to run at all?
2) It does not seem to startup correctly
3) Things get fontified, but that gives them unreadably light or dark colors
4) It seems unable to find/use the highlighting package.
5) Highlighting is too slow. How do I turn it off?
6) How can I change colors etc?

-----------------------------------------

1) How do I get it to run at all?
   Your SATHER_HOME environment variable must be correctly set
   to point to the Sather distribution directory, without a trailing slash.
   Create a .emacs in your home directory and add the line
	(load "/usr/local/lang/sather/sample.emacs") 
   Specify the correct path, of course. or
	(load (expand-file-name
	    (concat (getenv "SATHER_HOME") "/Emacs/sample.emacs"))
   Also read the file Emacs/README


2) It does not seem to startup correctly
  - Make sure that your SATHER_HOME points to the correct directory.
    sample.emacs relies on SATHER_HOME to find the other files it needs,
    sather.el and sather-lib.el

  -  Make sure that your SATHER_HOME has no trailing slash. 

  - Now, you will need to byte-compile sather.el and sather-lib.el:
    Simply run M-x byte-compile-file <full-path-name>sather.el
    and likewise with sather-lib.el


3) Things get fontified, but that gives them unreadably light or dark colors
	(setq sather-highlight-background-mode 'light) 
   or
        (setq sather-highlight-background-mode 'dark) 
   before you load sample.emacs
	

4) It seems unable to find/use the highlighting package.
   Try using another one.
	(setq sather-use-highlight-package 'font-lock)
   or
 	(setq sather-use-highlight-package 'hl319)
   You may also need to byte-compile the hl319.el file by running
	 M-x byte-compile-file hl319.el


5) Highlighting is too slow. How do I turn it off?
	(setq sather-use-highlight-package 'none)
   before loading sample.emacs


6) How can I customize colors etc.?
   Copy sample.emacs to your local directory, make
   the modifications you want to the color tables and then load
   your local copy of sample.emacs. It will still look at SATHER_HOME
   to find sather.el and sather-lib.el
   Also read the file Emacs/README, for more customization information.
