GNU ccd2cue is a CCD sheet to CUE sheet converter.  It supports the full
extent of CUE sheet format expressiveness, including mixed-mode discs
and CD-Text meta-data.

This is the NEWS file for GNU ccd2cue version 0.5.

This package is a component of the GNU Operating System and is developed
by the GNU Project.

   Copyright © 2010, 2013, 2014, 2015 Bruno Félix Rezende Ribeiro

     Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this
     document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License,
     Version 1.3 or any later version published by the Free Software
     Foundation; with no Invariant Sections.  A copy of the license is
     included in the file ‘GNU-FREE-DOCUMENTATION-LICENSE’.

News
****

   This document contains a list of user-visible changes worth
mentioning.  The changes are split and ordered by version in reverse
chronological order.  If you want to receive notifications about new
releases of this program or important issues related to it, subscribe to
the mailing list, as described in “Contact” section of ‘README’ file, or
subscribe to the package atom feed
<https://savannah.gnu.org/news/atom.php?group=ccd2cue>.

0.5

        • Danish, German, Ukrainian and Vietnamese translations.
        • Support for localized Unix manual pages.  Feature suggested by
          Mario Blättermann (German translator).
        • Respectable Unix manual pages.
        • Localizable ‘--help’ meta-variables.  Bug reported by Mario
          Blättermann.
        • Numerous grammatical and markup corrections to the user’s
          manual.  Patch submitted by Karl Berry.
        • Make target ‘announcegnu’ which automatically sends a signed
          announcement message to <info-gnu@gnu.org>, <ccd2cue@gnu.org>
          and <coordinator@translationproject.org> mailing lists when a
          release is ready.  This target can only be made in VCS
          checkouts.
        • Make target ‘fetchpo’ which fetches from the Translation
          Project the latest PO files available .  This target can only
          be made in VCS checkouts.
        • Latest release news, manifesto, package’s description and
          version in a single point of maintenance.
        • Package meta-information, as release date and build system
          version, automatically generated at configuration time.
        • Announcement message in user’s manual and homepage.
        • Make target ‘distdir’ can be made when top-level documentation
          files are missing.
0.4
        • The code repository moved from CVS to Git.
        • Mailing lists were re-purposed.  Now <bug-ccd2cue@gnu.org> is
          exclusively used for bug reporting and <ccd2cue@gnu.org> for
          user support.
        • Fixed bad wording in ‘--help’ text.  Bug reported by Benno
          Schulenberg of the Translation Project.
        • Fixed potential crash caused by calling ‘error’ function with
          wrong arguments inside error handling routines.  Bug first
          noticed by Rosa (GNU/)Linux maintainers.
        • Fixed documentation distribution bug in which the ‘INSTALL’
          file didn’t get redistributed.  Bug reported by Darren S..
        • Added ‘distgnu’ Make target which aids the maintainer in
          uploading release tarballs to the GNU ftp site.  It only can
          be made from VCS checkouts.
        • Likewise, the ‘homepage’ Make target now can only be made from
          VCS checkouts.  Therefore the exclusive infrastructure for
          building the package’s homepage doesn’t get distributed.
        • Fixed build system bug in which ‘configure’ didn’t detect the
          absence of ‘help2man’ for maintainer builds.
        • Improved ‘maintainer-clean’ Make target effectiveness.
0.3
        • The program ccd2cue has become a GNU package, and therefore is
          now dubbed GNU ccd2cue.  Its code and documentation have been
          updated to reflect such remarkable occurrence.
        • The target ‘homepage’ generates the package homepage primarily
          from release documentation.
        • Some interesting GNU philosophy essays were added to
          documentation.
        • Various bugs in the program and documentation were fixed.
0.2
        • Support for all features of the CUE sheet format, prominently
          CD-Text meta-data and track sub-code flags.
        • Internationalization support using gettext.
        • Compliance with the GNU Coding Standards and the GNU
          Maintaining Standards.  See *note (standards):: and *note
          (maintain)::.  Noteworthy changes are the use of the GNU build
          system for the ease and consistency of build and installation
          (see ‘INSTALL’ file), documentation in the Texinfo format,
          notably an user manual that can be outputted in numerous
          formats including, but not limited to, printable pdf, info,
          html and plain text.
        • Traditional Unix man page automatically generated by help2man
          (https://www.gnu.org/software/help2man).
        • Doxygen for in-depth source code documentation.  That can be
          used to output pdf, html and numerous other formats
          documenting the inner workings of the code.
        • GNU compliant command line parsing provided by Argp.  It is no
          more necessary to provide arguments in the fixed order of
          command’s synopsis; the arguments can be given in any order
          and long options are accepted.
        • The command line options suffered the following changes to
          comply with GNU Coding Standards:
          ‘-o’
               Has companion long option ‘--output’.
          ‘-i’
               Has companion long option ‘--image’.
          ‘-h’
               Changed to ‘-?’ with companion long option ‘--help’.
          ‘-v’
               Changed to ‘-V’ with companion long option ‘--version’.

          The following command line options were added to cover new
          features:
          ‘-c CDT-FILE’
          ‘--cd-text=CDT-FILE’
               Writes CD-Text data to ‘CDT-FILE’.
          ‘-a’
          ‘--absolute-file-name’
               Uses absolute file name deduction.
          ‘--usage’
               Gives a short usage message.

        • It is no longer required to specify ‘-i’ option in every
          invocation.  It is enough to specify only one file name on the
          command invocation, as an option or non-option argument, since
          the remaining needed file names are now deduced automatically.

0.1
     Initial release;

