
                            ADDITIONAL BROWSER NOTES
                                       
Directories

   Help
          Help files that are invoked from the Help menu in the browser
          
   Sather
          Sather source files
          
   Tcl
          Tcl source code for the browser
          
   TkKit
          Interface to Tcl/Tk. Compilation of the browser requires the
          -gui flag be used.
          
   See also the file Help/Files for information on the breakdown of the
   Tcl source.
   
   Please see the notes in Doc/Installation for more details about the
   compile time installation. Some runtime problems may arise in the Tcl
   code. Also see the notes in Doc/tcl_tk_notes.html for more details
   about some Tcl/Tk runtime problems and Tk4.1, Tcl7.5 compatibility.
   
  Fonts
  
   If you get "font not found" errors from tcl, you might want to check
   the set of fonts that the scaling uses (see the file
   Tcl/browserFontsNColors.tcl). You can change the fonts used
   arbitrarily, but scaling etc. rely on reasonable choices, so try to
   stick with the original scheme. If font problems arise when you are
   dumping the postscript of a graph, check the routine "proc dumpPS" in
   the file Tcl/browserMisc.tcl Please let me (gomes@icsi.berkeley.edu)
   know of any problems!
   
Running the Browser

   Run the browser just as you would the compiler (it uses almost the
   same front end):

	sabrowse test.module
   or
	sabrowse test.sa -main FOO

   The executable "sabrowse" is put in same directory as the compiler,
   and hence should be in your path. Use the help menu to bring up help
   on various aspects of the browser.
   
Bugs

   Occassionally you may see browser internal errors associated with
   dealing with parametrized classes. These will go away with the new
   parametrized type checking system.
   
GDB and garbage collection

   A note from the *tkSather* distribution that might be relevant:

> If you use the garbage collected version of Sather you will need to
> make sure you link tcl/tk with the Sather garbage collector.  This
> requires changes to tcl/tcl.h, tcl/Makefile.in, tk/Makefile.in

   I've not yet done this, but as it stands I cannot use gdb with the
   browser - it dies somewhere during the first garbage collect. It might
   be possible to fix this by recompiling tk and tcl to use sather's
   garbage collector.
   
   According to Matthias there is a complicated combination of machine,
   OS and garbage collector that determines whether gdb will work with
   the tcl interface.
